---
title: GeekSoc in 2012/2013
author: Alistair McKinlay
layout: post
permalink: /2012/09/geeksoc-in-20122013/
categories:
  - Meetings
  - News
---
First of all, let me introduce myself. I am Alistair McKinlay, and I am the new president of GeekSoc for 2012/2013. Many of you will know me (as you voted me in last year) but some may not. I look forward to widening the appeal and events that GeekSoc has, and I think this year will be great for GeekSoc. Welcome to the new academic year, and the start of your year with GeekSoc. We have quite an exciting few weeks coming up and I thought I would let you know what is happening.

**19th Sep:** Firstly, we will be having a stall at the Fresher&#8217;s Fair tomorrow from 10am-4pm. We will be in the Barony Bar in the Union. Come to the stall if you want to chat to us, see some of the things we have (Xbox, Win8 tablet, transformer, raspberry pis), and even use our new fangled sign-up site and pay straight away to get your account activated within 10 minutes. There will be a number of people there happy to answer any questions you have.

**28th Sep:** Our first event will be the first ever (as far as I know) GeekSoc Hackathon. This will be on Friday the 28th of September, and we will hopefully have a confirmed venue in the next few days. We will be meeting from about 3pm, and we will be making some awesome stuff from then till about 10pm. Don&#8217;t worry if you haven&#8217;t had any experience with programming, there will be many experienced people there that we will team you up with. This will be a great time to get to know other people in the GeekSoc and CiS communities and will let you make your mark on GeekSoc. There will be a number of projects that GeekSoc need done, that you can help with, or you can come with your own ideas.

**4th Oct:** This is the first of our bi-monthly meetings (1st and 3rd Thursday of each month). This will be a &#8220;mixer&#8221;, will be in the Lounge (L5 in the Union) from 6pm-10pm and will just be a time for GeekSoc members/prospective members/interested parties to get together and get to know each other for the coming year.

**11th Oct:** This day marks the re-launching of the GeekSoc lunchtime talks with a really interesting talk that is not 100% confirmed. I will get back to you on this when we have it confirmed, but believe me when I say it&#8217;s interesting. This will be on Thursday 11th of October at 1pm (till 2pm) in L14.15 in the Livingstone Tower.

I hope you all agree that this looks very exciting as a start to the GeekSoc year. I look forward to seeing you at one or more of these events. If you have any ideas for future events, feel free to email me, <a href="mailto:president@geeksoc.org" target="_blank">president@geeksoc.org</a>.