---
title: AGM
author: Alistair McKinlay
layout: post
permalink: /2013/04/agm/
categories:
  - Meetings
---
Hey guys,

So, nominations are now closed, and all of them are as follows:

President: Fiona MacIsaac  
Treasurer: Nye Harvey-Waugh

We will be voting for (or for R.O.N) these people on Thursday at the AGM. Come along to the Lounge (L5, Union) for 18:00 and we will have our wonderful AGM. This will involve voting for the new president and treasurer, as well as the president and treasurers addresses (they aren&#8217;t as boring as you might think) and then I&#8217;m sure we&#8217;ll do some gaming afterwards if we have any time. If you aren&#8217;t able to come on Thursday, we are allowing voting by proxy, but you have to let me know whether you want to vote for the nominee, or for RON. RON always gets nominated for every post everywhere, but I don&#8217;t think he&#8217;s won an election yet&#8230;

So yeah, any questions give me a shout.

Oh, and sign up for the Internation Space Apps Challenge. It&#8217;s going to be fantastic, but I would love if we could get more GeekSoc members along. You get a free t-shirt, free food and a fantastic opportunity to work on some great projects and have some great time with a lot of clever people. If you think you won&#8217;t be any good at it, then trust me you will. I know several people who don&#8217;t even consider themselves programmers and have had a blast at these things.

Free food: http://spaceappschallenge.org/location/glasgow

Alistair  
&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8211;

GeekSoc President  
president@geeksoc.org